hey what's up pretty but it is to
collect a journey today i'm bringing you
the official drawing for my pokemon X&Y
and auras giveaway number 25 which was
for a flying pikachu in a meloetta and
there's going to be eight winners each
winner is going to receive one pikachu
in one LOL so would that be a say let's
go ahead and get this started you know
sorry i haven't been uploading any
videos the past few days you know
haven't really had much time to create
videos so you know my apology so but
hopefully I'll be able to get back on
track this week wait I let me go make
sure the list I give everyone an inch
number and for those who I wasn't able
to give an entry number because your
settings did not allow me to reply to
your comment um but you know for future
references if you want people to be able
to reply to your comments just go to
your Google+ settings and change it
where it says who can reply to your
public posts or something like that and
change it to anyone that way people will
be able to reply to your YouTube
comments and so on but instead i will be
using your youtube username instead of a
number and those are you know my
apologies in advance if I mispronounce
so my guess is names but that Sam aresty
shiny eevee put my lord mark fowler
Lucas below so Jordan Harmon Jorge
Guzman John Ornelas Montes Carlos
Gonzalez genetic HD Daquan green jae
seok Keith where am I
alfin faxed fusion RG no Alby effects I
mean future energy Jordan Smith William
Mendes jason anthony thomas flesh
hutchinson clare bear being red coat
bridge um Brandon Hanks carry shops and
let her out oh no then we have eaten
fields the pumpkin Jack Keegan Keegan
mine random Celeste arenae and the squad
has beyond Samuel ooh red blue shoshanna
know where Ezra and Wes raha eaten
Johnson terminal champ guilty gamer you
didn't give me Franco but yeah Dean
kundo hidden rainbow Evelyn watch okok
um hi retic master to as sonic superstar
to KN Harper epic gamer 1426 Don Smith
australis Ricky and Gillian um Alex tran
sakarya Sulaiman Solomon Pokemon master
Cody Marsh Donald Anderson javiera metal
yeah that's it um yeah so yeah we've had
your comments 0 / here's your friend
coaches in case I need and you know
everyone else I give an entry number so
we're going to do next is copy the whole
list I'm going to select all
and then you know copy see everything
right here then I'm going to go to this
website here you enter one item per line
and but I already have everything set up
so I'm just go ahead and paste
everything so paste yeah you know
however matter with the last one and all
the way on top is number one so what I'm
going to do next is you know pick a
random item and whoever name or number
come south is going to be one of the
winners so let's go ahead and get this
started actually I need to keep track of
the winners down here
okay okay so for our first winner for
this giveaway is going to be number 128
so you know that what I say I'm going to
do is remove you from the list since
you're already one and add you not this
sorry about that i'll add you to the
list over here 128 is one of the winners
so our second winner is going to be
number one hundred congrats 100 um yeah
then 100 our third winner is going to be
number 284 congrats 284 yeah here we go
and our fourth winner is going to be
number 159 congrats 159 should be here
59 159 159
our fifth winner is going to be number
311 congrats 311 okay past you
11 3 11
our six winner is going to be number 23
congrats number 23 here three
our seventh winner is going to be number
42 congrats on my 42 here you are 42 so
our eighth and final winner is going to
be number six Congrats number six yeah
six so what I'm going to do next six go
to youtube and go check who is who then
I'll review the list again and yeah
we'll go from there um yeah I'm going to
pause the video ok so I'm back I'm entry
number 128 was ich Grove entry number
100 was bam bam vehicle entry number 284
was Jaden sense entry number 159 was
shadow minor 30 and entry entry number
311 was Derek Orozco entry number 23 was
royal prophecy entry number 42 was
Anthony Rodriguez and finally entry
number six was immoral gamer Bam Bam and
immortal gamer if you can live your
friend code in the comment section below
I'll be really cool again um yeah okay
so what I'm going to do next is you know
I'm going to leave my information in
terms of friend code and ingame name in
the description for this video so make
sure to add me and just need to hear
from you so I hear from you I'll trade
with you eventually but hopefully we'll
be able to trace soon so yeah I just
need to hear from you let me know when
you'll be available to trade and we'll
go from there so yeah I since pretty
much it congrats to all the winners and
thank you to everyone who participated I
guess I'll see you next giveaway I think
am I missing you know No okay yeah just
as long if you can leave your friend
code in game name again the comment
section below for the winners you know
be really really cool ins so that we
don't have to go back
to find your in Guinea emergency like
that town but it's not no worries but
thanks for watching guys congrats to 11
and thank you to everyone who
participated and I guess I'll catch next
giveaway speaking of which i'm not sure
if i'll have this giveaway this week I
kind of feel like taking a week off so
I'll so I can work on some other videos
I want to finish the Delta episode I
want to finish up uploading the better
off phone online competition battles and
I want to upload my first Pokemon Omega
Ruby and alpha sapphire Wi-Fi battle so
yeah a homo or have some time to do that
oh yeah get so cocky next time thanks
for watching